

Always ignore NOTES.txt.
Progress should be saved in ROADMAP.md and in AGENTS.md where handoff into is also stored.
I want to test locally the upload firesides (raw) and parsing feature.


start -- 
Build in a feature so that when loading in Fireside Integration Pipeline firesides, we can do batches then continue.
For example, if we load in 2 pdfs, the system notes how far they got according to guide.md - so if the first two contain firesides 1, 2 3 and 1/2 of part 4, save that to the system state for prep of the next upload for continuation. This also applied to deletion: If two are uploaded and 1 or 2 of the pdfs is corrupt or is not read well, give us the ability to redo that particular pdf upload, making sure to clean up old data. 




Fireside transitions can be defined in guide.md (change guide.txt to guide.md) at the top, assuming natural sequence.
Example
"
# Fireside transitions:
raw-fireside-collection-1.pdf, pg 34
raw-fireside-collection-2.pdf, pg 20
raw-fireside-collection-4.pdf, pg 3
...
"
(Notice the skip of raw-fireside-collection-3)


start -- adjustments
We will be loading an entire fireside family not breaking them down into separate fireside in the guide.txt.
The LLM defines the Firesides and where they fit.
A.) There are only these Universally:
1.) Why life  
2.) The Proofs for Jesus Christ
3.) The Proofs for Baha 'U' Allah
4.) The Covenant
5.) The Proofs for the Establisher
6.) The Great Pyramid of Giza
7.) The Lamb's Explanations and Commentaries on The Book of Revelations

In theory, as a raw fireside PDF group is scanned, each snippet/media should fall into one of these categories naturally. Most of the time there will be an obvious change in chapters. If not, note this and move on.


B.) SnippetStatus = 'IN-REVIEW' | 'APPROVED' | 'REJECTED' | 'MERGED'
Add 'DEEPENING' AND 'UNDER-RESEARCH'



c.) Make a firestore entry on WHO is uploading and doing this process.

d.) Make a revert function where a user can delete whole sections or entire iterations of processed raw firesides. This would include firestore and storage refs.


e.) Have a note attached to a snippet during the processing phase if there is a question (wrong grammar? questionalble word?). The LLM should do it's best in extracting the context if it can't understand exactly the text.


Revise analysis.
-----------------------------

start -- agent loop:
1.) We need a page for the assimilation of the raw firesides into the system.
2.) The 'loading' raw PDFs will be in the public/LOADING folder by an 'upload' button. The must be referenced by a 'guide.txt' file (uploaded as well). This file shows the sequence of raw pdfs in their order as well as any notes or specifications for the LLM to read and fireside family name. 
3.)  Once loaded the system grabs the raw pdsf and guide.txt file, deepseek reasoner v4 displays the progress on the webpage and logs to a log file (public/LOGS/loading)
4.) Any errors results in logging, displaying and recording in firestore where it got stuck for to continue later.
5.) Each 30 to 50 word Fireside snippet is initially set to 'IN-REVIEW'. Same with each image cropped. Images/media should be saved in Firebase storage and referenced. Images need to be correctly idenified (Gemini Flash?) and cropped by a bounding box and assembled in order in relation to the snippets.


Give concrete plans this page (Fireside_integration) and framework




start -- agent loop: 
tasks:
1.) There are two 'Firesides' nav bar links, should only be one. Once in t there there be a standard way to navigate to manage firesides based on user roles. 
2.) when viewing a snippet '/snippets/32B6AWNoCufW9HSofCEh', I want to seeheir associated references and tags along with edit and delete (roles permitting)
3.) When I click a deepening to view nothing happens when at admin/deepenings



todo --
3.) I can't create an outline. I want to be able to drag and drop entire firesides, snippets, groups of snippets or deepings, from left to right onto my outline. 

